Add NumFocus logo and text (#220)
scverse/cookiecutter-scverse: README.md

# Scverse Cookiecutter Template

[![Test](https://github.com/scverse/cookiecutter-scverse/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/scverse/cookiecutter-scverse/actions/workflows/test.yaml)
[![Powered by NumFOCUS][badge-numfocus]][link-numfocus]

The purpose of this template is to get you started quickly building a best-practice python library for a [scverse][] ecosystem package.
Ecosystem packages are independent software libraries that interact with scverse core packages and depend on [anndata][] and [mudata][] data structures.

[//]: # "numfocus-fiscal-sponsor-attribution"

> Cookiecutter is part of the scverse project ([website](https://scverse.org), [governance](https://scverse.org/about/roles)) and is fiscally sponsored by [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template is part of the scverse project ([website](https://scverse.org), [governance](https://scverse.org/about/roles)) and is fiscally sponsored by [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/).
```
